# **Programming skills by Leetcode**

## 1768. Merge Strings Alternately
You are given two strings word1 and word2. Merge the strings by adding letters 
in alternating order, starting with word1. If a string is longer than the other, 
append the additional letters onto the end of the merged string.

Return the merged string.

## 389. Find the Difference
String t is generated by random shuffling string s and then add one more letter at a random position.

Return the letter that was added to t.

## 28. Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String
Given two strings needle and haystack, return the index of the first occurrence 
of needle in haystack, or -1 if needle is not part of haystack.

## 242. Valid Anagram
Given two strings s and t, return true if t is an anagram of s, and false otherwise.

## 459. Repeated Substring Pattern
Given a string s, check if it can be constructed by taking a substring of it and appending 
multiple copies of the substring together

## 66 Plus One
You are given a large integer represented as an integer array digits, where each digits[i] 
is the ith digit of the integer. The digits are ordered from most significant to least 
significant in left-to-right order. The large integer does not contain any leading 0's.

Increment the large integer by one and return the resulting array of digits.

## 1822. Sign of the Product of an Array
Implement a function signFunc(x) that returns:
* 1 if x is positive.
* -1 if x is negative.
* 0 if x is equal to 0.

You are given an integer array nums. Let product be the product of all values in the array nums.

Return signFunc(product).

## 1502. Can Make Arithmetic Progression From Sequence
A sequence of numbers is called an arithmetic progression if the difference between any two 
consecutive elements is the same.

Given an array of numbers arr, return true if the array can be rearranged to form an arithmetic 
progression. Otherwise, return false.
